 I think there is something wrong with my eyes: I can’t take them off of you
 I need to cross the street Would you mind holding my hand?
 Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
 I think I need a map: I keep getting lost in your eyes
 I knew love, at first sight, was real when I saw you
 I would fall for you even in zero gravity
 If you were a song, you would be my favorite track
 The sparkle is so bright in your eyes–the sun is jealous
 I just won hide and seek because I found you
 Your beauty makes me appreciate being able to see
 Looking at you made me forget my pick up line
 If you were a triangle, you would be an acute one
 You looked familiar, but then I remembered I had only seen you in my dreams
 I am no photographer, but I can picture you and me together
  I’m going to sue Spotify For not including you in the hottest singles of the week list
 I am going to call you Google because you are everything I am searching for
 Can I follow you? I was told to follow my dreams
 Nice shirt! What’s it made of girlfriend material?
 I just checked the crystal ball, and it says you are in my future
 Anyone who says Disneyland is the happiest place on Earth has clearly never stood next to you
 You got your first wish granted: I am here What are your other two wishes?
 You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material
 You like raisins? Then how do you feel about dates?
 Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
 You must be a Klondike Bar because I would do anything to get you
 Are you a parking ticket because you have fine written all over you
 Good thing I brought my library card because I am checking you out
 Can I borrow a kiss? I promise to give it back
 Is it hot in here or is it just you?
 Did you see what was on the menu? Me-n-U
 Do you know what time it is? I want to remember the exact minute I first saw you
 They say nothing lasts forever; will you be my nothing?
 I am an organ donor, and I will start by giving you my heart
 There is something wrong with my phone: it doesn’t have your number in it
 I have forks and knives; all I need is a little spoon
 Let’s commit the perfect crime–you steal my heart, and I will steal yours
 Was that a cannon firing, or just my heart pounding?
 I think I lost my phone; can you call it?
 Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate
 Your lips look lonely; would they like to meet mine?
 If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together
 Did you just come out of the oven? Because you are hot
 Are you a loan? Because you sure have my interest
 Are you a broom? Because you swept me off my feet
 You’re so sweet that you are giving me a toothache
 If you were a vegetable, you would be a cute-cumber
 Do you have a band-aid? I scraped my knees falling for you
 If you were a fruit, you would be a fineapple
 I just learned that happiness does not start with an ‘h,’ it starts with ‘u’
 If you were a transformer, you would be Optimus Fine
 Do you like Star Wars? Because yoda the only one for me
 You look familiar? Didn’t we have chemistry together?
 Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk past again?
 There is just one thing I want to change: your last name
 How was heaven when you left?
 I must be in a museum because you are a work of art
 You better tie your shoes; I do not want you falling for anyone else
 Are you a keyboard? Because you are just my type
 Are you from Tennessee? Because you are the only ten-I-see
 If loving me is wrong, you do not want to be right
 Sweetness is my weakness
 Would you touch my hand so I can tell my friends I was touched by an angel?
 You must be a broom because you swept me off my feet
 Is this the Hogwarts express? Because it feels like you and I are heading somewhere magical
 How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl in the room?
 Does your watch have a second hand? I want to know how long it took me to fall in love with you
 Can I take your picture? I want to show Santa what I want for Christmas
 I was going to buy a drink, but I got distracted by you
 I’m sorry, were you talking to me? No? Well, then please start
 You are like fine wine The more I drink in, the better I feel
 I am horrible at math, but I do care about one number: yours
 Someone pinch me–you are too cute that I must be dreaming
 Are we flying? Because you seem Wright for me
 Are you the package I ordered, because I have been waiting for you all day?
 If I were a cat, I would spend all of my nine lives with you
 I need sunglasses–your smile is blinding me
 We are like socks: we make a great pair
 You just proved that aliens exist because you abducted my heart
 Do you have a couple of minutes for me to hit on you?
 Let’s play a game I win, you take me out; if you win, I take you out
 If you were a burger at McDonald’s, you would be a McGorgeous
 I’m good at algebra I can replace your X, and you wouldn’t need to figure out Y
 Was your dad a boxer? Because you are a knockout
 I think you are suffering from a lack of vitamin me
 Life without you would be like a broken pencil: pointless
 If I were a booger, would you pick me?
 Call me Shrek because I am head ogre heels for you
 You are hotter than the bottom of my laptop
 Are you a goldfish? Because you are a snack that smiles back
 You’re so gneiss, I would never take you for granite
 Are you Franklin D Roosevelt? Because you are a dime
 Are you made of copper? Because I Cu with me
 Are you, my appendix? Because there is this feeling in my stomach that makes me want to take you out
 You are sweeter than 
 Are you French? Because Eiffel for you
 Do you like coffee? Because I like you a latte
 Are you a cat? Because I feline a connection between us
 Did you swallow magnets? Because you are attractive
 My name is Microsoft; can I crash at your place tonight?
 Your middle name must be Gillette, because you are the best a man can get
 Forget hydrogen, you are the number one element in my life
 Your eyes are like the ocean I could swim in them all day
 Kiss me if I am wrong, but the Earth is flat, right?
 When I text you goodnight later, what phone number should I use?
 I am not a hoarder, but I want to keep you forever
 You’re so cute that it’s distracting
 Is your name WIFI? Because I am really feeling a connection
 I’m fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on Earth tonight
 How come you are not on top of a Christmas tree? That is where angels belong
 I am new in town Can you give me directions to your heart?
 I need a dictionary, because since I saw you, I have run out of words
 You may want to keep your distance–I may fall for you
 Are you an interior designer? Because you made this room more beautiful
 I do not want to use some cheesy pick-up line, so can I buy you a drink?
 You know what is beautiful? Read the first word
 Tonight I am wearing the smile you gave me
 If you were a potato, you would be a sweet one
 If kisses were snowflakes, I would send you a blizzard
 You should never play hide-and-seek Finding someone like you would be impossible
 I know someone who likes you, but I am too shy to tell you who
 Do you have a sunburn or are you always this hot?
  If you let me borrow a kiss, I promise I will give it right back!
 Are your parents’ bakers? Because you´re a cutie pie!
 Wow, I have been blinded by your beauty I will need your name and number for life insurance purposes!
 I want you to pay close attention to the first three words of this sentence
 Do you want to share and split the Uber ride home? But we can just use your address
 Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk in again?
 I’d love to read your biography, especially the chapter we’re about to write
 I believe there is a problem with my eyes because I find it impossible to look away from you
 Roses are red, violets are blue, I know I can’t rhyme, but I want to date you
 I am not an astrologer, but I can see my future with you
  I wish I could rearrange the letters of the alphabet I would place U and I together
 They say dating is a numbers game, so can I get yours?
 Can I show your profile to my friends to prove that angels really do exist?
 I seem to have lost my phone Can I call from yours?
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite
 Are you glitter because you add sparkle to my life?
 Even if there wasn’t gravity on earth, I’d still fall for you
 You don’t need keys to drive me crazy
 Are You a Magician? Because Whenever I Look at You, Everyone Else Disappears!
 Can I Follow You Home? Cause My Parents Always Told Me to Follow My Dreams
 You Look So Familiar… Didn’t We Take A Class Together? I Could’ve Sworn We Had Chemistry
 Just When I Catch My Breath, You Turn Around And Make Me Lose It Again
 Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?
 Kiss me if I’m wrong, dinosaurs still exist, right?
 Your eyes are like the ocean where I could swim in them all day
 I hope you know CPR because you just took my breath away!
 Are you a map? As I just got lost in your eyes
 Are you what Google? As you are a full pack of everything I wanted
 You must be a parking ticket as Cause, you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you
Don’t say you are not a banana because I find you a-peeling 
I hope you didn’t choke on a light bulb because your chest is all flashy 
I know why you are so tired It is because you have been running naked all day in my mind 
I thought you were Catwoman because you just made the Dark Knight rise 
I have some candy out in the back of my van 
Care to join us for some fun? Call me baby because all I want is to be inside you forever
Something is definitely wrong with my cellphone because it does not have your number on it 
I dream of enjoying you just as I do my coffee I seal it in an airtight bag and then put it in a freezer for maximum enjoyment 
I hope you are feeling down because all I want is to feel you up 
We all die someday Let’s just go out before our time elapses Please lend me your shirt
Are you a school playground? Because I would shoot kids in you 
If I had to wish for you to be anything it would be a shark because I have some swimmers I’d want you to swallow
 Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears—especially my inhibitions
 I’d say God bless you, but it looks like he already did
 You must be a campfire because you’re hot and I want s'more
 Is your name Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!
 If looks could kill, you’d be a weapon of mass destruction
 Are we at the airport? Because my heart is taking off every time I see you
 Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again and give you a better show?
 You must be a parking ticket because you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you—and I’m willing to pay up
 Are you a beaver? Because damnnn!
 Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a strong connection, and I'm ready to stream
 You must be a high test score because I want to take you home and show you to my mom
 Do you have a name, or can I just call you mine until I figure it out?
 Can you hold my hand? I want my friends to know I'm with someone special
 If beauty were a crime, you’d be serving a life sentence—and I’d be your partner in crime
 Is your aura made of copper? Because I can feel the chemistry!
 You must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind—and I think I need a break
 Are you an angel? Because your wings are just out of sight
 Can you take a picture with me? I want to prove to my friends that hotness is real
 Are you a hurricane? Because you’ve blown me away
 Let’s skip the small talk—how do you feel about joining me for a drink that gets us in trouble?
 If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cute-cumber—but I’d still want to eat you
 Your lips look lonely—would they like to meet mine?
 I’m not a photographer, but I can definitely picture us together… in bed
 Are you a loan? Because you’ve got my interest, and I can’t wait to pay you back
 Are we at a bar? Because I’m feeling a strong urge to buy you a drink and get to know you better
 I’m not a mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers How about I add yours to mine?
 Is it hot in here, or is it just you raising my temperature?
 Can you lend me a kiss? I promise to give it back later
 You must be a magician because every time I look at you, my pants disappear
 If you were a fruit, you’d be a fineapple, and I’d like to take a bite
 Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see—up close and personal
 Are you a cat? Because I’m feline a connection that’s purrfect
 I was blinded by your beauty; I’m going to need your name and number for insurance purposes
 Your smile must be a black hole because it’s sucking me in—hard
 Are you a vampire? Because you just made my heart race—and I might need to be bitten
 If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put U and I together and throw in a few wild letters
 Are you my appendix? Because there’s a sharp pain in my side that makes me want to take you out
 Can I follow you home? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams—and you’re mine
 Is your name Dunkin? Because I want to wake up to you every morning
 I’m not drunk, but I’m definitely under your influence right now
 I must be a snowflake because I’ve fallen for you—hard
 I hope you know CPR because you just took my breath away—and I need it back
 Do you believe in fate? Because I think we were meant to meet tonight, preferably at my place
 If you were a drug, I’d overdose on you, and I’d never want to come down
 Your hand looks heavy—can I hold it for you while we figure this out?
 Are you a campfire? Because you’re hot and I want to stay warm by you
 You must be an alien because you’ve just abducted my heart
 If I were a cat, I’d spend all nine lives with you—starting now
 Are you a match? Because you’re igniting something wild inside me
 Is your name Sriracha? Because you’re adding spice to my life
 Are we in a movie? Because my heart just skipped a scene
 If you were a drug, I’d want to be addicted—so let’s get this party started
 I might not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true tonight
 Is your dad a baker? Because you’re a total cutie pie, and I want a slice
 Are you a tornado? Because you’ve just swept me off my feet—and I’m not complaining
 I’m not a fortune teller, but I see us together tonight—if you’re down for some fun
 If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard that would keep us warm all night long
 Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes—and I might need directions to your heart
 Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future—and I want to take it to the next level
 Your beauty is like a fine wine; it gets better with every sip—let’s pop the bottle tonight
 I’d say God bless you, but it looks like he already did—with extra curves
 Can I take you out for dinner? Because I’m hungry for your company
 If you were a beer, you’d be a craft brew because you’re one of a kind—and I want to savor every drop
 Are you a drug? Because I can’t stop thinking about you, and it’s getting addictive
 You’re like a dream I never want to wake up from—let’s make this night unforgettable
 If I were a cat, I’d spend all nine lives chasing after you
 Are you the ocean? Because I’m lost at sea and can’t find my way back without you
 If you were a burger at McDonald's, you’d be a McGorgeous—and I’d take you to go
 I’m not a doctor, but I think I need a prescription for you—preferably twice a day
 Your lips look lonely—let’s fix that with a kiss and see where it goes
 Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile—and I want to capture that forever
 I’m not saying you’re the best catch, but you’re definitely the catch of the day
 You must be a magician because every moment with you feels like magic
 Is it just me, or do we have some serious chemistry brewing right now?
 You’re so hot, I could cook dinner just looking at you
 Are you an artist? Because you’ve painted a picture in my heart that I don’t want to erase
 I’d say you’re like fine wine, but I’d prefer you right here in my glass
 Are you a snowstorm? Because my heart races every time I see you
 Can I borrow a kiss? I promise to give it back, along with some extra ones
 If looks could kill, you’d be a dangerous weapon—and I’m totally here for it
 You must be a magician because every time I see you, my clothes disappear
 If you were a spice, you’d be hot—and I like it that way
 Are you a dictionary? Because you add meaning to my life, and I want to explore every definition
 Is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea I want to spend the night with
 You’re like a fine wine—I want to savor you slowly and enjoy every moment
 Can I follow you home? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams—and you’re one of them
 You must be a thief because you’ve just stolen my heart—and I want it back!
 If I were a gardener, I’d plant you in my heart and water you with love
 Are you the moon? Because I want to be your star and orbit around you
 Is your name Starbucks? Because I like you a latte—and I’m craving a fix
 Can I get your name? Because I want to know what to scream tonight
 You’re like a work of art—I want to admire you all night long
 If you were a song, you’d be the one I keep on repeat—especially late at night
 You’re like a warm blanket on a cold night—I can’t get enough of your comfort
 If I were to rate you, I’d give you a 10—but I think you’re a perfect 
 Can we skip the small talk? I want to know what you’re really into—and I’m hoping it’s me
 You’re like a fine whiskey—you get better with every sip, and I want to take my time
 Is your name Nutella? Because I want to spread you all over my life
 Are you a secret? Because I want to keep you to myself
 If you were a dessert, you’d be a triple chocolate fudge cake—sweet, rich, and absolutely irresistible
